c:\users\arindamn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\ContactManager.dll.config
c:\users\arindamn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\ContactManager.dll
c:\users\arindamn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\ContactManager.pdb
c:\users\arindamn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\arindamn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\arindamn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\arindamn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\arindamn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\arindamn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\arindamn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\arindamn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\arindamn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\arindamn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\arindamn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\arindamn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\arindamn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\arindamn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\arindamn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\arindamn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\arindamn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\arindamn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\arindamn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\arindamn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\arindamn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactManager\ContactManager\obj\Debug\ContactManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\arindamn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactManager\ContactManager\obj\Debug\ContactManager.dll
c:\users\arindamn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactManager\ContactManager\obj\Debug\ContactManager.pdb
D:\AzureDemos\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\ContactManager.dll.config
D:\AzureDemos\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\ContactManager.dll
D:\AzureDemos\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\ContactManager.pdb
D:\AzureDemos\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\AzureDemos\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\AzureDemos\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\AzureDemos\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\AzureDemos\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\AzureDemos\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\AzureDemos\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\AzureDemos\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\AzureDemos\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\AzureDemos\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\AzureDemos\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\AzureDemos\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\AzureDemos\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\AzureDemos\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\AzureDemos\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\AzureDemos\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\AzureDemos\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\AzureDemos\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\AzureDemos\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\AzureDemos\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\AzureDemos\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\AzureDemos\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\AzureDemos\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\AzureDemos\ContactManager\ContactManager\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\AzureDemos\ContactManager\ContactManager\obj\Debug\ContactManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\AzureDemos\ContactManager\ContactManager\obj\Debug\ContactManager.Migrations.Initial.resources
D:\AzureDemos\ContactManager\ContactManager\obj\Debug\ContactManager.Migrations.ContactManagerModelsTask.resources
D:\AzureDemos\ContactManager\ContactManager\obj\Debug\ContactManager.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\AzureDemos\ContactManager\ContactManager\obj\Debug\ContactManager.dll
D:\AzureDemos\ContactManager\ContactManager\obj\Debug\ContactManager.pdb
